Our goal over the next few videos is to take
the sediment analysis mini-project that you worked on in the last lesson,
and create a simple web app that uses it.
The web app that we're going to create will look like this,
and what you can do is take a review.
For example, here is a rather negative review,
and you click on submit and the model lets us know that,
this review was negative!
As another example we could take this very positive review.
Click submit and our web app tells us that our model believes that,
this review was positive.
In order to do this we will deploy
the Sentiment Analysis Model in the same way that
we deployed the Boston Housing Model earlier.
However there are a couple of problems that we'll have to solve.
The first is that the Sentiment Analysis Model
expects to be sent a Bag of Words encoding of a movie review.
But as you can see here we allow the user to enter a block of text.
So how do we encode the user's input in a way that the model can understand.
The other problem we'll need to solve is one of security.
Endpoints created by SageMaker can only be accessed by a web app if
that web app is properly authenticated and has permission to use SageMaker endpoints.
Since that seems like a lot of work for
a relatively simple web app we will instead create our own endpoint,
that can be accessed by anyone with no restrictions.
This will require using some additional Amazon services.
In particular we're going to need Lambda and API Gateway.